# Develop-corporate-strategy-for-global-disasters
PROJECT DESCRIPTION
  In recent years, the pandemic dramatically affected the economy, social, and daily life of the global population. Not only the individuals, but also corporations and businesses have been experiencing hardships due to the ‘new-modern’ life-style which changed the business environment. It is pretty noticeable that pandemic negatively affected the companies’ sales and other areas that involve in-personal interactions. Furthermore, there are vast amounts of sources that analyze the pandemic effects on the industries at a high level (e.g. Automobile industry, semiconductor industry). However, it is nearly impossible to analyze impacts and measures of the particular subdomain industries and evaluate their performances based on the responsive measures. 
  In short, there is no standard knowledge or article that how each and every industry should frame its prescriptive actions to the pandemic. Thus, a detailed analysis on impacts of the risk factor and evaluation based on responsive measures to the matter is crucial for companies’ to prepare for any next wave of risk factor like pandemic. The rising necessity of the development of an analysis framework to develop corporate strategies for global risks is undeniable fact.

MOTIVATION
  The COVID-19 pandemic is a global disruption across trade, finance, health and education systems, businesses, and societies. One of the most obvious impacts of the epidemic has been the strain on the global supply chain. Multiple national lockdowns continue to slow or even temporarily stop the flow of raw materials and finished goods, which causes a series of problems. Especially for the manufacturing industry, enterprises are hindered in purchasing raw materials, limited logistics, and insufficient supply of production capacity, resulting in a decline in the delivery of finished products.
  Among manufacturing industries, automobile enterprises were especially suffering from COVID-19. Almost all automobile companies reported the pandemic has had a negative effect on them. For example, during the epidemic, Nissan’s difficulty in sourcing parts and components from China, which led to the suspension of production at the Fukuoka plant in Japan as well as production lines for exporting cars. Bosch's Wuhan plant is still in shutdown. As Bosch relies heavily on the Chinese market, it has issued a warning that the risk of supply chain rupture has begun to appear.
  However, we found that as a manufacturing giant, Cisco's stock price rose by nearly 50% during the pandemic. In fact, Cisco, which focuses on SEC, has been optimizing agile and distributed supply chains to cope with changing market conditions. Therefore, it is particularly significant for enterprises to enhance supply chain resilience and adopt appropriate strategies in advance to deal with global disasters like COVID-19.
  Many companies failed to adjust their strategies on time during this pandemic, leading to declining performance, inability to pay high debts, and ultimately bankruptcy. The Ernst & Young report stated that only 2% of the 200 companies they interviewed were fully prepared for the pandemic. In fact, there is a possibility that if companies can adopt effective strategies to deal with global disasters in a timely manner, the degree of social-economic decline will be sharply reduced. In this project, we will realize this possibility through digital technology next.

RESEARCH QUESTIONS
  To Develop a corporate strategy analysis pipeline and financial evaluation of strategies to identify trends and performances with regards to COVID-19, the team constructed 2 research questions that are in need to be answered. The research questions are as the following:
  Question1: Does the company disclose covid-19 in detail in 10K and 10Q filings:  How many services and manufacturing companies make disclosures about the covid? When are these companies disclosed? What aspects are the company's disclosure to Covid-19 and the company's response measures distributed in?
  Question2: How effective is the company's response strategy: Have the adverse impacts of covid been addressed? How do financial indicators or stock prices reflect the effect of different strategies on the company's development?  
	The answers to these questions start with defining the key influencers and narrowing down our scope of the research. Our team constructed 3 main influencers including risk factor, responsive strategies, and financial index to approach the analysis. The risk factor is something that increases a chance of having negative impacts on the economic and social status quo. Per problem description and motivation, our analysis will focus on the COVID-19 risk factor. The team defined the scope of the risk factor as the following:
Timeline: 2019 ~ 2021 (present)
Area: United States
Industry: Publicly traded companies of manufacturing and service industries
	The narrow scope of the 2 industries is mainly because they were the most vulnerable and affected industries through the initial industry research stage. As stated above, the impacts of the COVID-19 on high-level industries were quite noticeable by referencing various news and article sources.
	Secondly, the responsive strategies of companies’ to the risk factor is an important key influencer to frame the analysis pipeline. The assessment on responsive strategies is necessary to perform exploratory data analysis on various granularity levels of industries. By having relevant data, any user utilizing the pipeline may understand the common strategies conducted by sub-domain industries. 
	Last key influencer of the model is companies’ financial index. Since our study focuses on the COVID-19, the financial data collection will focus on the index from 2019 and 2020. The financial data was preprocessed into 11 financial indices to evaluate the corporate strategies against COVID-19. The data serve to evaluate each companies’ performance with its measures by implementing regression analysis.

LITERATURE REVIEW
  In recent years, there have been various studies on government, organization, and company interventions against COVID-19. For example, the study by Pan et al (2020) hints at a tantalizing possibility: the accessibility of data to support the real-time formative evaluation of public health interventions in an ongoing pandemic. Nils Haug and Lukas Geyrhofer(2020) ranked the effectiveness of global COVID-19 government interventions. Their result stated the topics of social distancing and travel restrictions ranked first among all methods, while environmental measures (for example, cleaning and disinfection of shared surfaces) ranked the lowest. Under the pandemic, the global supply chain network is facing a broken situation. Willy C. Shih(2020) stated companies need to make their supply chain networks more resilient. Daniel J. Taylor’s (2020) research claims that the company’s disclosure of COVID-19 in 10K has improved its ability to price securities. However, his research did not describe companies’ financial impact detailly and the clustering of specific strategies to overcome the pandemic crisis.
  With the development of science and technology, we need more research and to provide solutions to global disasters by releasing the power of information.

